How dare you speak nonsense
People and families come because of you
No one knew that hundreds of families are gathered here today
Just to welcome that adult
Do you still want to say
Are you the Qing army who stood above ten thousand people?
Yellow mouth children
Celebration banquet today
It's not just a homecoming feast for the big guy
It's not just the canonization ceremony of the king of heaven
It is the hard work of my top 12 hundred feet
Tranquility
Let's offer our sincerity to him together
Maybe get a chance to recover and reconnect
Baizu today's special after-sales gift
Did you see it?
That's what 100 ethnic groups should believe
It's the Jibai family
Merit Seal of Contribution to the Qing Army Lord
It's stained with the blood of hundreds of families
Engraved with the names of hundreds of schools
It is the highest honor of our hundred races
And you say nothing
Defile our high respect for Neri
For the sake of your ignorance and pity
I'll give it to you now.
The Dai people can still not be investigated
Hahaha
If you treat me with respect
I can give this beauty salon
But now you Dai people
I'm cute enough
let go
Although we Dai people read those big names
But hundreds of madmen come from all walks of life
The entire building
1/3 of the assets are invested by our Baizu family
Are you saying that our hundreds of races are not qualified?
Respect you
You are really autistic and Qingjun
I see you don't see the coffin and don't cry
What do you want?
Let's see your indifference
How many are there?
You want to destroy the hearts of hundreds of schools
Okay, okay, you dare to violate
If you have the ability, lift it up, lift it up
If you don't lift
I despise you
Didn't you say you were a Qing army?
What are you hesitating about?
Quickly refund, okay?
Ah!
Have the ability to get ahead
Do you want to die?